the mandalorian contacts his old friend
ran
ran has hired a crew consisting of
ex-imperial sharpshooter migs mayfeld
the davarinian strongman burke the droid
pilot zero
and the knife-wielding twielek woman
zian to rescue her brother cheen
a prisoner of the new republic
[Music]
so
upon arrival on the prison ship they
fight through security droids and make
it to the control room where an
inadvertent escalation causes a new
republic
soldier to trigger a beacon alerting the
new republic
the crew rescues jean but double-crosses
the mandalorian
[Music]
the mandalorian escapes isolates and
defeats each crew member
then captures qin whom he delivers to
ran in exchange for the money
ran attempts to send a gunship after the
mandalorian to kill him
[Music]
but the new republic beacon had been
placed on chene leading a trio of
x-wings to rance station
the x-wings opened fire on the hangar
the last scene shows mayfeld berg and
zian nursing their wounds in a cell on
the prison transport
having been spared